Hey everyone, this is Pastor Dwayne from the
Campus in Boynton Beach. I'm excited.
to talk about this week's takeaway, because in Mark chapter 13, we see
Jesus talked about
A lot of descriptive things that are sometimes hard.
To hear.
And so I want you to think about this question. Have you ever thought about
The end.
Ever thought about
your future.
See, over the last couple years, I've done several memorials, and it makes me think about
The end even the last
17 months makes us think about a lot of hard things going through a pandemic and all that we even see in our world today.
It seems like we are in very difficult.
in dark days but i want you to get this take away. god has sure promises for his people.
And even in dark days, we can be confident.
in God
And as we look at this chapter, we see Jesus being asked questions by his disciples. He talks about descriptive things like wars and rumors of wars and nations going against nature.
And I want you to focus on this verse in Mark chapter 13, verse 10, and it says,
And it says this.
And the gospel must first be preached,
To all nations,
Whenever you are arrested and brought to trial, do not worry beforehand about what to say.
Just say whatever is given to you at the time, for it is not you speaking.
but the Holy Spirit. One of the things I want you to get in your mind is that throughout these days, the gospel will still go forward and the gospel will
Will not change. It will still be.
good news and one thing that i love is that it will be preached to all nations which means that jesus is still going to be speaking.
to people.
And as we look at even the gospel and sharing the gospel, we will have an opportunity during these times to have confidence that the gospel is still good news.
So I want to encourage you, you can continue to preach it or share the gospel with neighbors and coworkers and family members. But I think the idea is also
It is also that we are living together.
the gospel and one of the things that i think it's very encouraging in this verse is that he says when you need to say something.
The Holy Spirit is going to be with you. So here's the confidence that we can preach it.
We can live it but also realize that we are not alone.
As we walk through
these days I don't know if you're nervous I don't know if these days make you anxious but the Holy Spirit
is with us, we can be confident. And although I don't have time to talk through all of the different details because a lot is said, there's a couple of verses I do
As I do want to hit before we pray, let's pray.
and in verse twenty-six and twenty-seven it says this at the time people will see the son of man coming in clouds with great power and glory.
and he will send his angels and gather his elect from the four winds from the ends of the earth to the ends of the heavens the other thing that we can be confident of is he
It's not just the gospel, but that Jesus is God.
coming back for us. At the end of the chapter, it doesn't say we will know the hour, but it says that from the four winds he will collect.
all his elect with him so we can be confident as we look forward that Jesus one day
And we're not supposed to know. So we don't spend these days sitting around making predictions about when we can
And when he's going to return, they're going to be signs, they're going to be prophecies fulfilled as he returns or to be in preparation for his return. But we don't have to.
I have to sit around wondering where because he will return one day. I leave you with this verse in verse 34 of Mark chapter 13. It says, it's like a man returning.
Going away, he leaves his house and puts his servants in charge.
Each with their assigned task.
And tells the one at the door.
to keep
Watch one of the things I want you to be confident in is that we
Are still able to.
Work for God.
Everyone has an assigned
So I ask you,
Are you involved in your assigned task? Maybe it is to serve in a ministry. Maybe it is to share the good news with someone. Maybe it is to share the good news with someone.
Maybe it is to start a group. I don't know what God has called you to, but I don't think we're just watching. We watch for his return, but we also work in and to serve.
anticipation of his return. So I want to ask you this question. Are you involved in your
A signed task, the thing that God
Has given you to do
But maybe you're at this place as well that you're not so worried about your task. You're just,
holding on.
to Jesus and sometimes that's all we can do we just hold on to Jesus but here's the confidence that we can have
It's that he is the God of our present, our present.
But he's also the god
Of our future.
so i want to encourage you with that as you look at getting together with groups and and answering some of these questions that we can have.
confidence in God
During hard
And difficult and dark days.
Why don't we pray together?
Father God, I thank you.
for the opportunity to just get a few nuggets from this past weekend's message and i pray.
Whoever had touched God that it would speak,
And that you would grow their confidence in you.
And we pray this together in Jesus' name.
Amen.
God bless you.